c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\bin\Debug\RestTakip.exe
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\bin\Debug\RestTakip.pdb
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.dashboards.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.Form1.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.exe.licenses
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.exe
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.pdb
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_detay1c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_detay1p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_detay2c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_detay2p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.genhar_1c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.genhar_1p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.genhar_2c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.genhar_2p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_1c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_1p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_2c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_2p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_3c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.stokhar_3p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.uretimhar_1c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.uretimhar_1p.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.uretimhar_2c.resources
c:\users\melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.uretimhar_2p.resources
C:\Users\Melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_baslik_1c.resources
C:\Users\Melis\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RestTakip\RestTakip\obj\Debug\RestTakip.fatura_baslik_1p.resources
